yeah um there are a few forbidden chess
or throughout the game and those chess
if you open them you can't get the
zodiac spear so you got to be careful
then I'll point them out to you so don't
worry and I will actually go up to them
to make sure that you know which ones
you're not supposed to get our this is
old balance place now this treasure
chest the treasure chest right across
from old Alan's place do not open it if
you want the zodiac sphere if you open
it for some reason the zodiac spear
quest is undoable don't open it see okay
fear it all right right now to visit dr.
vindaloo yes another blue hyland
reference i'm not done just yet people
nah yeah but yes dr. Bintulu from kurt's
cowardly dog is in this game for
whatever reason I abductive Andrew are
you i am a dep dep dep yeah i remember
anything that documents who actually
said it's really weird at least one you
must rub there's a level of a goat on
miles i may not be like another one died
am that way the demon will be expunged
from her leave me belly button i don't
know is there's always a stupid stuff do
tell I'm not a big fan of old Dallas it
doesn't do anything use from great stuff
in there how does it move the plot which
i guess is useful but at the same time
I'd really like in hi everyone do mins
words are you boy the Empire protects
auditors and that means the palace and
all the treasures inside that's why I'm
gonna do it to take back what's ours and
yes he's smoking a hookah
so and for you ignorant people up there
by us to noble smoke tobacco with the
hookah no it's much more horrible for
you than just smoking a cigarette but
whatever ah now that i think on it know
what you doing to us to be no it does
bong yep between and it's bull he's
fucking bar and a magic stone that opens
here in my car that's it this is exactly
why I came to talk to you first Alan so
where's the better of you magic stone oh
I don't know I've had to try a year
Frances like it all in beware I've
tucked it away oh my god shut the fuck
up okay yeah so he has a present zone
but you can't use the present stone
without the Sunstone so you need to get
a Sunstone so you can evolve your your
gloom into a bellossom more Pokemon
Joe's people okay and no you don't
evolve a son turn into a son flores and
flores suck balls this is my playthrough
they do the keys of plans are to the
south that's not all you really need to
know
I think you to the south yeah it gives
the planes are they Esther sands was
yeah yeah yeahs Giza plans are to the
South s transfer to the east Westar
sands are to the west Snicket he screw
that these names
almost going on get on those boring
cutscenes again
you know really suck if I and you know
i'm going to stop the audio for like all
two seconds so I can make sure that's
safe properly be right back people